### Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Project Motivation](#motivation)
3. [File Descriptions](#files)
4. [Results](#results)
5. [Acknowledgements](#licensing)

## Installation <a name="installation"></a>

The code should run in Python 3 with no problems. No additional packages are needed. 

Follwoing are the used libraries:
- import numpy as np
- import pandas as pd
- import re
- import pickle
- from sqlalchemy import create_engine

- from nltk.tokenize import word_tokenize
- from nltk.stem import WordNetLemmatizer
- from sklearn.multioutput import MultiOutputClassifier
- from sklearn.ensemble import RandomForestClassifier
- from sklearn.tree import DecisionTreeClassifier

- from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
- from sklearn.metrics import classification_report
- from sklearn.pipeline import Pipeline, FeatureUnion
- from sklearn.feature_extraction.text import CountVectorizer, TfidfTransformer
- from sklearn.model_selection import GridSearchCV

- from flask import Flask
- from flask import render_template, request, jsonify
- from plotly.graph_objs import Bar
- from plotly.graph_objs import Pie
- import plotly.graph_objs as go

## Project Motivation<a name="motivation"></a>

In this project I was interested in analysing an airbnb dataset of Seattle with the focus on the price:

1. How does the spatial distribution look like? Are there reasons for higher prices in certain regions?
2. How much money was generated by each airbnb accommodation? How does the spatial distribution look like?
3. What other factors influence the price?

## File Descriptions <a name="files"></a>

The used data consists of two dataframes (listings and calendar) and can be downloaded here. The calendar dataframe is a large file, 
thus it was separated into two files.

The steps of the analysis can be viewed in the Crisp_DM_history.ipynb file. There is also a single jupyter file for each question to generate the desired plots.

## Results<a name="results"></a>

The main findings of the results can also be found [here](https://naefrico.medium.com/what-drives-prices-at-airbnb-accommodations-c60e4589a099).

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements<a name="licensing"></a>

I thank airbnb for offering the data. You can find the Licensing for the data and other descriptive information at the Kaggle link available [here](https://www.kaggle.com/airbnb/seattle/data). You can also use the code here and run the model by yourself. Maybe you even have an idea for adjustments or improvements. 
